Hey, good morning, family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me today.
Well, that last video was over three
hours long. I'll try to make
this one not so long. Three hours. I
told Braden, I said that was a long live
stream. I didn't realize how long I was
praying, but the Lord had some things on
His heart, obviously, an urgent call to prayer for us to pray about
so many different things.
But today, I was driving around
with my family, and the Lord spoke to
us. He said, 'I want to
show you another glimpse of what's
coming.'As
I was
driving, I stopped. I had to pull over,
and I started seeing some things
that were coming in the future
concerning AI technology again,
concerning the healthcare industry,
and cures for certain diseases. The Lord
showed me a hook. I saw a worm on
this hook that was not a whole worm, but
just a piece of a worm, but the worm had
big eyebrows and big eyes. It was
basically a face on a part of a worm.
And the Lord said to me,
'Brandon, what's about to happen is
they're about to hook people. They're
going to desensitize
the people to what's coming, but
they're going to hook you first to make
you think it's your friend. And I told
you a friend is coming concerning
AI.'And
I saw a cure for cancer,
specifically breast cancer. I saw
women who had this terrible
disease
weeping—and
I'm talking
about women in general who were
overcoming breast
cancer—weeping
because the cure for
breast cancer had come out. I saw
people who had undergone chemo, and
their hair was gone,
people who were really sick.
I saw a cure. It was not only
for breast cancer, but
something
happened,
and I
saw this happen. Then I saw other
cures for cancer
coming. But the Lord spoke to me and
said, 'There's a cure even for
Alzheimer's.'And
I saw the number 75
at the beginning
stages—not
for a cure, but if you had
Alzheimer's and they caught it early,
you would take this thing, and it
would prolong your life.
It would delay
the decay; it would delay the process of
Alzheimer's over the course of time, and
you would basically live out your life
if you took this medicine. You
would
live to be 75, 80, or 90
years old, and the natural
deterioration of life would set in, and
you would
just go home. It was delaying the
onset of Alzheimer's,
the brain disorder that deteriorates you
to the point where you forget things. It
made it so you just went home
from
natural causes. This is what I was
seeing with Alzheimer's and dementia. It
was
something with
AI that is coming. Then the Lord
showed me stuff with type 1 and type
diabetes. The Lord showed me
that they were going to come up with AI
technology that would
cure
type 1 and type 2 diabetes. This
was
a
bait-and-hook
to get people
desensitized to accept the beast system
of what they'll do in the days ahead
with AI and all that is going to come
about. This is how they will make you
think,
'Oh my goodness, it's saving lives!
It's so friendly!'Everybody is going
to embrace it in the days ahead.
Everybody's going to say, 'This is our
friend.'Does
that make sense? And the
Lord told me, 'Warn my people
what's coming.'Then the Lord showed
me this, and this was very disturbing.
He showed me surrogate mothers—mothers
who
did not want to carry a
baby but would pay somebody else to do
it. That would become something
that people do in labs. I saw
lab-tube
babies
that would be created
with AI technology.
You take the egg and the
sperm, and you make a baby in
a lab tube. They would grow it in
an
incubator. It was like a real womb. It
was a surrogate that did not have to be
human. It
was a tube
in a lab. And
instead of having a surrogate woman, it
was a surrogate tube. They grew the
baby to what
you
specifically wanted: hair color, eye color—like
a
Build-A-Bear
at
the mall, it
was
'build a
baby.'They
could have the gender
they wanted,
the hair color, the structure of the
body, everything was by design.
If it wasn't right, they
aborted it
because it wasn't what they had ordered,
like you placed an AI
order. This is what they wanted at the lab.
They created it with genetic
modification—GMO
modification of human life in a
tube. In certain countries, they
made it legal, and you did not have to
have a surrogate woman carry
your baby anymore because the celebrities and
wealthy
people were into their looks.
They didn't want to pay for a
human
surrogate because you'd have to worry about
what they're eating, what they're
drinking, or who they are.
They said, 'Well, we'll just
let the lab do
it.'They
paid mega money for what they
specifically wanted—a
build-a-child,
not a
Build-A-Bear.
It was very disturbing. I saw the
child be born. It was ready to hatch
out of this womb thing with bubbles
bubbling all around it, keeping the baby
alive. It was
AI technology beyond anything
you can comprehend, taking the egg from
the woman and the sperm from the man and
creating a child with your DNA.
But there was no—and this is what I
thought was interesting—I saw the baby,
and
there was no real connection that you normally
see when a
mother carries
a
child.
There
is
a connection and a bond
created
that is only done by God.
When this is not there, it was
almost
like looking at
a child with autism where
they're just not there. You can see
the lights are on, but no
one's home. I don't
mean that disrespectfully, but I'm trying
to describe
what these children looked like in
their eyes. There was just this
disconnect.
But I saw this thing coming. I
don't know how this would happen.
It seems so far out there,
but the Lord told me to warn you
that this is coming:
lab-grown
children,
life.
Then I saw genetically modified food,
like you would not believe, coming
with our fruits and vegetables. I'm
talking
genetically modified, altered food.
I
saw fruits and vegetables
that looked like
vegetables but didn't really
have
nutrition because they were being messed
with. The Lord showed me certain
foods that would be tampered with
in the days ahead.
Then He said, 'Watch
Starbucks.'I
thought, 'What's
going on with Starbucks?'The Lord
showed me that in the
days ahead, there is going to be something happen with the coffee beans.
Because of fires and
other things, there will
be
a coffee shortage,
and I saw
Starbucks stores closing in certain
places because they didn't have enough
coffee. I don't know why, and I
don't know when.
I was just driving by, and the Lord
showed me that there would be things
happening
with Starbucks in the days
ahead concerning coffee beans. Something
with the coffee beans, and it will be on
the news. There will be something wrong
with it all because there are so many people
drinking so much coffee all around
the world, with
Folgers
or whatever. I'm just saying there's
some kind of coffee bean
shortage coming. And I thought that was
interesting because I don't drink
coffee, but I drink tea and things. But
I saw this, and the Lord is showing me in
the days ahead. I saw a coffee bean
shortage, and it would be in the news.
Now, what does that mean? I don't know.
But does that affect you or
me? I don't know. People like coffee.
I just think it's interesting because He
gives me glimpses of things. And
the other thing that was coming was
the economy.
I saw the dollar in the days ahead, a vision about the
dollar and the days ahead,
trying to be avoided by major nations,
that it would become dirty to them.
That's the only way I can describe it:
people wouldn't want to
touch it. People wouldn't want to
touch the dollar. In the days ahead,
Trump could push, and I saw him in a
canoe.
He was paddling in this canoe
with everything he had, and it
represented the American
economy. But he was on the Niagara
Falls, the major river that goes through
there. He was on it, and I could see
Niagara Falls crashing, and it was
massive. He was right at the edge of
this major waterfall. He was
paddling with all his might, trying to
dig and pull, but he was sweating,
and the canoe was getting ready to go
over the water's edge, but he was
delaying the inevitable.
He is delaying the inevitable. What will
happen is going to happen. He is right
now delaying the inevitable as he's
paddling with all his might.
I saw these pillars rise up, and they
looked
like black onyx boxes,
and they were all perfect boxes,
like cubes that were stacked
upon each other. There was a pillar
here, a pillar here, a pillar here, and
they all went by, but they were black
onyx.
At the top of the black onyx box was
a diamond that looked like a light,
a beacon of light shining out, and it
looked like it was something
significant. The one box in the middle
was something in the economy. This
pillar, there was a pillar here,
there was a pillar here, and there were
certain pillars.
I saw
certain investment groups. I saw a
prince in Saudi Arabia, Michael
Saylor,
BlackRock,
certain investment groups would be the
first trillionaires
in the global economy.
Trillionaires. I saw trillionaires
starting to appear sporadically. I saw
three individual men
specifically, three
new trillionaires.
It
has
never happened before like this. Not
like
Apple—this
was something more. You understand?
Like I said, I'm only telling
you what I understand of what I see. I'm
not a very educated man when it comes to
this, but I'm trying to tell you what I
see. What happens?
I saw the virus again.
And when I saw the virus, I saw people
fleeing major metropolitan areas,
major cities, and major places where the
houses are on top of each other,
where
you don't have any space,
you live right next door and
somebody can hear you go to the
bathroom. I'm talking about that kind of
stuff. People are going to be freaked
out about this virus. And the Lord said
to me, 'People don't realize how we in
this modern day,
in
these generations,
have never seen this kind of plague
that's
coming.'He
said, 'It's coming.'And many people
don't know how to handle
what
is
about to happen. And I saw people
fleeing the cities again, going to rural
areas,
but it wasn't too rural, like way out in
the country, fifty miles out
in the country. These people are trying
to go to the outskirts of the city,
within a five to ten-minute drive,
twenty
at the most, to go into these areas
and buy five or ten acres
of
land. They didn't
want
people around them, so they could have a
garden or a place of refuge from this
virus, because that's how freaked out
they were. So I saw stability in
real estate concerning rural land,
stability
as
a place of refuge for money. Now I can't
go into this in depth
because I'm not a financial adviser. All
of this is my opinion. But I'm
telling you what I believe the
Spirit of the Lord is telling me, and I
want you to pray about it and see what
He's telling you. I saw these things
concerning what I believe He showed me:
rural
land,
certain precious metals. What I saw in
the spirit were like safe havens
from things that were going up and very
volatile.
In this
vision, people were trying to find
places of refuge
so that they would not lose their whole
nest
egg—trying
to find things that were
stable so they would not lose
their nest egg because things were so
volatile when the virus comes. Things
were falling apart.
Does that make sense? So they were going
into
the country. They were trying to get
away from major cities because they were
scared about a neighbor who had it
spreading it through their air vents or
having their window open,
because
they were that freaked out.
When people got
it, they went home. Does that make sense?
So they were like, 'We've got to get away,
we've
got to go out of the country,'and they
were doing it as fast as they could,
and that's how serious it was. So I
was seeing this.
Then
I saw
the
NBA. I saw Major League Baseball. I want
you to really pay attention to this
right now. I saw major league
sporting teams that went bankrupt
because of the price of the
athletes
they had hired. With all these
contracts, major sporting groups went
bankrupt in the days ahead. I saw that
people would not be able to afford
tickets
or would be afraid to go to these games, and
they didn't support these major
athletes. Watching NBA superstars
and baseball, these were the two major
ones that stood out to me. And I saw the
Jets, I saw the Eagles, I saw the
Sixers,
I saw major baseball teams
bankrupt—major
bankruptcies
because they couldn't afford to pay the
players. Too much money.
And I saw huge arenas completely empty.
And the Lord said to me, 'No longer will
they call them sporting events. They
will call them glory events.'And the
Christian community, the remnant, will
rent these
facilities—the
Dallas Cowboys'stadium, Arlington
Stadium, whatever. I'm talking major
sporting arenas
rented out for a glorious
outpouring. And I saw the glory of God,
when there will be no sports, with
major revivals being held in these
arenas that are no longer being used for
sports. They will be used for the glory.
And He called them glory domes. There will
not
be sports domes; there will be glory
domes. And I got so excited when I saw
the people worshiping freely, with the
glory of God filling these major
stadiums, all for the glory of God. It
was amazing. It became no sports; it
became glory.
And the presence of the Lord filled
these auditoriums and major stadiums.
The
Lord said, 'I call these glory
domes.'So
then I saw a 7.7
earthquake in the heart of India.
That's what the Lord said. He
said, 'The heart of India, a major 7.7,
for this will be the beginning of a
great shaking
over this area, which will bring forth
a great revival.'And I saw a great
revival being birthed out of this great
7.7 earthquake in India—the heart of India.
Now, this was the
middle of India, the heart of India. And
it went and it spread all through
Vietnam. It spread through all of China.
It started to spread, a 7.7.
This was a number, and I saw the number.
Then I saw again a great shaking coming
to Canada, British Columbia,
and their economy. A major shaking of the
economy is
coming. And I saw people
trying to leave Canada to come to
America by the droves, trying to
figure out how they could leave Canada
because it was like a Great Depression.
I saw a major war breaking out again
with Putin. I saw a great war
trying to kick off with Putin as we do
not handle the bear with care,
as they try to
stiff-arm.
This thing will try with Macron and
these other major leaders trying to kick
off a major world war,
a major escalation of a world war, trying
to really be like a powder keg. It's like
a powder
keg.
They're playing with fire. And as this
takes off, it will be
catastrophic for what I've seen
because of the sanctions and things
happening. And that's why I'm trying to
warn you all. I keep praying over this.
This is something that's very serious—continued prayer
and warnings,
very serious. It's rice-paper thin. A
thin red line has been set. And as we
see these nations try to strong-arm
Putin, you're going to see a strike
soon. A major escalation of war will
come soon if this keeps going this way.
I saw strategic plans to disarm and
split Israel, and concerning Gaza
coming against Israel with certain
nations. And as they did this, the sheep
and the goat nations would be a very
dividing line. You'll know who they are.
And the ones that stand with Israel,
you'll see a blessing. And the
ones that do not stand with Israel, I
saw great earthquakes, and
not just earthquakes. I saw events that
would be concerning weather, concerning
their economy, concerning things that
would be of biblical proportion
if they do not stand. And this is
concerning especially Canada and
India and places in Europe, and this was
concerning war over Europe. And I'm
telling you, this is very
serious. A major line will be set
of
who is for Israel and who is not,
who's the sheep and the goat nations.
And it will be very evident in the days
ahead
with consequences. So we pray for
America to stand. You need to pray
for Australia to stand with Israel. Do
not do this. I'm telling you, for what
I've seen of trying to split the land
for a two-state solution and all these
other things, okay? He
brought up the scripture of Isaiah that
there will be gross darkness.
There'll be gross darkness, but arise
and shine, for the light has come and the
glory of the Lord is risen upon you. But
he said there'll be gross darkness upon
the land beyond anything you can
comprehend. Folks, we've not seen this
before, what's coming. The birthing
pains and things we're about to see.
We're going to see
things we
didn't think we would see. But I saw in
the shaking to awaken in India, in the
heart of India, he said specifically
that his Son would be exalted as we see
this major shaking, and the temples and
the false gods would be brought to
naught.
And he said, 'My Son will be...'I saw a
major revival coming with holiness and
fire over India. So I bring this to you
for you to pray about. But it was
just things that I keep getting
glimpses of. There's a lot more detail
to this with what was said. For the
sake of time, I feel that's pretty
healthy, I mean, for what I've given
you, but there were things about the
economy that were very disturbing that
I saw. Like I said, I'm not here to give
financial advice. I never do. But I'm
going to tell you, the inevitable
is being delayed.
And what I saw coming was a window of
opportunity for the wealth of the
sinner. What we have right now is a
window of opportunity, if you're
listening, to do the things to get your
house in order for what's about to come.
He was trying with all his might to keep
from going over that water's edge. But
eventually, I even saw interest rates. I
saw things happening with Jerome
Powell.
Things are deliberately happening the
way they're happening.
Numbers, things are happening to try
even harder to derail the Trump
administration's plan to make America
great again. Does that make sense?
Things are happening because he is
working for darkness.
And people go, 'Well, I don't believe
that.'I'm
telling you, I've seen him
talking to dark figures in the
background,
Jerome Powell, concerning
things with the economy.
So, with Trump trying his hardest to
paddle upstream with that
canoe—it
wasn't a boat, it wasn't a
motorboat, it was a canoe—and he
was not getting any traction, and
that thing was sucking him through
that current, and it was moving rapids,
like water rapids. And he was pulling
and pushing as hard as he could to stop
this. But he said he's just delaying the
inevitable. That's what the Spirit of
the Lord said for what's about to take
place.
And most people, they don't want to hear
this. And I know I'm not
always the bearer of good news, but
the good news about this all is that
Jesus Christ is coming. And we are
getting so close to the soon return of
our King. But we have a window of
opportunity to bring in the lost for
Jesus Christ and all these
things, and all these signs that the Lord
is warning us that is gross darkness.
When you start growing babies in tubes
and without their mothers—and I
don't know how they would even do that,
but it was like a lab-grown baby with
embryonic
fluid and stuff like that.
I
think, 'This is weird.'It looked like
sci-fi movie stuff.
I'm excited for the people with the
cures for cancer and diabetes and
Alzheimer's and things like that. That's
amazing. But know that it's a bait and
hook. It's to get
you desensitized
to accept and embrace the beast system
that's coming. But they have to bring it
out in a way that everybody wants to
take it. But it's just a little worm on
a little hook. And they're going to get
you, and they're going to go, 'Told you,
it's your friend. Don't you want this?
This is going to be your
buddy.'Everything
that we're going to present
to you is going to look like a
packaged
pig. And it'll look like something
really good. Like I try to tell you all,
the pig is walking around the pork
spending
bill and Donald Trump walking
that pork thing around telling you it's
good, everything's great. But I'm
telling you, as interest
rates—he
tries to lower taxes, and he says, 'Oh,
taxes are going to go down,'and
he's
holding a sign and taxes are going down,
and everything looks good for that time.
'Oh yeah, great. Good job.'It's just a
season.
You understand? The waterfall is coming.
Things are coming. You may have a delay
for a season, but that's why the Lord
said, 'I'm giving you a window. What
will you do with
it?'This
will be a short-lived window. And
most people say, 'Oh, JD Vance is coming next time,'or
Ron DeSantis,
or someone, and
it's going to keep getting better and
better and better. Folks, the only thing
that's going to get better is Jesus
Christ is coming back for us. The beast
system and the end times, the
tribulation, is at our doorstep.
Jesus Christ is coming, not a making
America great again. We're having a
window of making America float. That's a
good word. It should have sunk, and the
battleship is barely floating. But as
we see these days approaching and what's
coming next, it's not to be afraid. The
Lord said, 'Do not fear.'That was one
of the major things he said. 'Do not
fear. Know what's coming, but be
prepared for my Son's return. The
harvest is plentiful and the laborers are
few, folks.'Jesus Christ is coming.
It's not a time to be all upset. It's a
time to be looking up and have your eyes
focused on him, for our redemption draws
nigh. Is that exciting? That part's
exciting. Now, all this other stuff,
like I said, you know, all the stuff I
told y'all last time, you know, I got
convicted because I went over that so
much. I was being real with y'all, but
sometimes I think I get too real. I try
to be transparent to y'all and tell
you what we're dealing with, that we're a
work in progress, but sometimes I might
come across as too real. You know, I
told D, I said, 'Yeah, I don't know
if I should have said all that, but
it's real and it's what we're going
through. And it's something that
is dear to my heart, talking about
giving things and doing things the Lord
is telling me to do that my flesh doesn't always
want to do.'You know, it's the
human side of me. It's the human side
of my marriage, what we go
through as a married couple,
and how we are going from glory
to glory to glory. And not everything is
always sugarcanes and gumdrops,
you know, with just life and what you're
pushing through. But I want you to know
that as we overcome, you can overcome.
As we see all these things and all
this stuff going on, I'm not saying the
sky
is falling, Chicken Little, but
I'm telling you all, we're
overcoming too, and we're getting through
it. These are the things the Lord's
working on my heart about. And obviously,
it's about approval addiction
because he said take the comment
sections off your phone, and about money
stuff. You know, it's interesting when
God is cultivating something
bigger inside of you. He sees this is
something that—it's like I told Diana, I
said, 'It's like you walk up to a room,
you think your house is clean,
everything is great, and boy, I got it
all together.'And the Lord says, 'What?
What about that room over
there?'And
you're like, 'What room? Are you
kidding me? Everything—do you see the
house? It looks good. It's been dusted.
It's clean. The floors smell like they've
been
mopped. It's a bleach smell. It smells
good in here.'And he goes, 'No,
no, no, no. What about that room
over there?'And I'm like, 'I don't know
about that room.'And he walks up there,
grabs ahold of
the doorknob,
and there's slime on it. And
he opens the door and you go, 'Oh no,
I didn't realize that was
there.'He's
got to work on that now, you know? And
that's the way it is in the spirit
realm. I feel like whenever we feel
we've got something all figured out and
you got all your stuff in order and
you think you're doing great,
then the Lord says, 'But
that door right there, we need to work
on that, son.'And I said, 'Yeah, you're
right. You're right. I've got some stuff
over there in that closet, too. I didn't
realize.'But
as we clean it up and we go
from glory to glory, he's fixing that
up. We're never going to get off
the potter's wheel. We're always going
from glory to glory to glory because
he's changing us. Because I asked him, I
said, 'Lord, when will we
stop?'He
goes, 'When you're
dead.'When
do you stop—when does the
potter's wheel ever stop? 'When you're
dead.'Nobody
gets off the potter's
wheel until you're going home, until
you've
gone home. Everybody
is
going to be
refined. The apostle Paul,
like he was talking about, he said, 'I
die daily,'but you die in so many
different areas of your life and you
don't even realize it. You know, it's not
just one set thing. You're being molded
just like him.
'I decrease, that he
increase.'And
that's the part of being a
believing believer, is that we're never
perfect. We're a work in progress. And
that's why yesterday, I
wanted you to hear it so bad,
because
some people try to put you on a pedestal
and I try to say, 'I knocked myself off of
it on purpose.'Diana, ain't no pedestal
in
my house. The only one that's on a
pedestal to me is Jesus Christ, and I'm
striving to be like him. But
people say, 'Oh, Brandon, you're
this and you're that.'Oh, hogwash.
Brandon ain't nothing. Brandon's a work
in progress. And I try to show you the
human side of things, that it isn't
nothing big. I got issues. We all got
issues. And we're all a work in progress.
But if I can do it, you can do it, and
we can do it together. By coming before
him boldly and saying, 'Father, here am
I. Fix me. I need you. I need you. And
only through you can I get this
done.'Braden,
Paisley, all my kids are all a
work in progress.
So, we're so thankful that you would
even want to come and watch us each day
as I come on here and tell you
what I feel like the Spirit of the Lord
is
warning me about and telling me
about with certain things. It's
very—I'm
humbled by
it, but at the same time, I take a great
responsibility
in
listening and praying and making
sure it's accurate and praying over it
and saying, 'God,
I thank you, Lord, that you've given me
this platform, but I take it so
seriously.'So,
thank you that you trust
me enough to come and pray with me, that
you're a part of our family,
that you come to our little church
group, this little prayer group that we
do. And we're so grateful for every
single one of you, that you would come
here and pray with us and pray over the
nations, the African family that I saw
and all the things. There
are
very serious times we're praying
over. And I just want to tell you all
I'm grateful for every single one of
you. The people who gave the super
thanks, all those super thanks in the
live video that we did,
Braden, that was over the top of
kindness. It was a lot,
and I said, 'These people are just—'I was
like, 'Wow, look how great they are.
Look what the Lord
did.'I
just want to say thank you from the
bottom of my heart, from Diana and I both,
thank you for your sacrificial gift of
love, for all the
super thanks, thank you just out of the
kindness of your heart. It was like,
'Wow, I don't know what to
even say about it for the love
gift.'You
all are just so nice to us and I
just want to say thank you. We don't
take for granted any of it. But there's
no other way to try to—if you send us
something in the mail, I always try to
write you a handwritten letter to tell
you thank you, to give
you some kind of something to say
thank you for being nice to us. I mean,
there's people that do, but I can't say
it on a super thanks to write you
something because I don't know
your address. I know nothing about you,
but I just want—I don't take things
like that for granted.
You're helping me, and in doing so,
saying, 'Hey, I want to help you buy a
Bible or whatever.'I'm just
so humbled by it. I'm not a person that likes
to
take handouts or
whatever. Like I said, I never ask for
nothing, but when somebody's kind to
you, you want to take the time to say
thank you.
It's such a blessing. Five
bucks, that adds up, man. Like
yesterday, I thought, 'My goodness, look
what the Lord did with just $5 here, $10
here. Look what he did on those super
thanks.'And
I just want to say thank
you.
It truly means a lot to us,
all the people just showing
love,
and I don't want to harp on it, but
it's heartfelt. You know, Diana
and I,
we're just speechless sometimes. We
just go, 'Wow,
wow.'God
bless you all.
I pray over your harvest. I pray over
your seeds, that everything you sow
prospers, that everything you put your
hands to prospers.
Father, I bless them in the name of
Jesus, and I thank you, Father, for all
our friends.
I thank you for this family,
Father, that people out of the
kindness of their heart try to help.
And God, I just lift them up before you.
And I thank you, Father, that today is a
good day for them. That, Father,
you open doors that no man can shut,
and you shut doors that no man can
open. And Father, I
thank you that where they're not
supposed to be, you harden people's hearts
so
they don't walk through the
doors that they're not supposed to.
Father, the doors of favor and the
doors of opportunity, we send the angels
out right now in the name of Jesus, that
they would go before them and prepare
the way in every single area of their
life. That no matter what they are
supposed to do, God, that it will be a
green light, and green means go, and
they'll go through the doors of
opportunity, and great blessing will
follow them in Jesus'name, and every area
of their life will prosper. I thank you,
Father, that it's no longer just 30, 60,
but we're believing always for the
hundredfold,
Lord, for our time is short on
this earth and we need the
hundredfold
return.
I thank you, Father, that you bless their
marriages today. I thank you, Father,
that
their children, the wayward husbands and
wives,
and the children are coming home. I
thank you, Lord, for the supernatural
harvest of souls that's coming to the
kingdom of God in the name of Jesus. We
thank you, Lord, that everything
their marriage does, everything about
their marriage, everything about their
household is blessed in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, there's no strife in
their homes,
Father, that their marriages are strong
and they last forever. That they'll not
be marriages that have divorce or
separation, but Father, there's unity
and there's a flow of the spirit of God
in the household in Jesus'name. We give
you all the glory, honor, and praise,
Father, for peace that passes all
understanding. And all the seeds they
sowed in the past, they'll reap a
harvest at last. And I call that harvest
in the name of Jesus. I thank you,
Lord, that they're healed and whole and
well in their bodies. And I thank you,
Lord, that by the stripes of Jesus, they
are healed and whole from the top of
their head to the soles of their feet.
They don't have sickness.
They don't have disease. And Father, I
thank you, Lord, that even from the
smallest thing to the largest thing,
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you paid
the price for it all to walk in
spiritual victory in Jesus'name. And
we're going from glory to glory to glory
in these last days. And I thank you,
Lord. We're not afraid of the terror by
night nor for the arrow that flieth by
day. Father, we walk in spiritual
victory in Jesus'name. And as we see the
day approaching, Father, we lift up our
heads,
for we know that our redemption
draws nigh. And Father, we're always
hearing you. We know
where we're supposed to be at all times.
We're in the right place at the right
time doing exactly what you've called us
to do. And we're filled with and
controlled by the Holy Ghost in these
last days. Father, we'll hear your
voice, and a stranger's
voice we will not follow. I plead the blood
of Jesus over every single one of us
right now in Jesus'name. And I thank you,
Father. I thank you, Father, that our
minds are alert, our hearts are
receptive, and we'll never be the same in
Jesus'name.
And everybody say amen and
amen. Well, I just want to say thank you
for joining me today.
I know I didn't pray a long time, but I
gave you a three-hour video last time
and there's a lot of you got to watch
over all that. So, I gave you a
little shorter video today for you, but
either way, we're so grateful for
every single one of you. Thank you for
subscribing. If you could, subscribe
to my channel. I come
on here to warn you about what the
spirit of the Lord's telling me, and
I appreciate you coming on
and watching with us.
Subscribe, click the
notification bell, click the thumbs up
button, comment something nice down
below. And that's all. I'm so
thankful. God bless you all. We'll see
you again soon. Remember, put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you
and we will see you again soon. Bye-bye.